Document new PublishRelease and PackRelease properties (#29996)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/project-sdk/msbuild-props.md

For more information, see [Write reference assemblies to intermediate output](../compatibility/sdk/6.0/write-reference-assemblies-to-obj.md).

### PublishRelease

> The `PublishRelease` property informs `dotnet publish` to leverage `Release` configuration instead of `Debug` by default. Add it to a `Directory.Build.props` file.

Reviewer: @nagilson Is there a reason to add it to a Directory.Build.props file instead of a project file?

Author: If the property is added to the `.csproj` file, it won't be evaluated early enough for the configuration change to propagate properly

> The `PublishRelease` property informs `dotnet publish` to leverage `Release` configuration instead of `Debug` by default. Add it to a `Directory.Build.props` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PublishRelease` property informs `dotnet publish` to leverage the `Release` configuration instead of the `Debug` configuration. We recommend adding this property to a `Directory.Build.props` file instead of a project file so that it's evaluated early enough for the configuration change to propagate.
```
